{
  "call_date": "2024-12-20",
  "call_title": "Ergo PoW Blockchain - Weekly Update & AMA - December 19th 2024",
  "decisions": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "02:02",
      "decision": "Named the Cornell architecture/planning/art department token 'BRICK'",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "context": "Discussion around IT table about best name for LETS token",
      "topic": "tokenomics",
      "significance": "minor",
      "quote": "We had a discussion about it around the IT table here about what would be the best name to name this token for an architecture, city planning and art department combined and the idea I guess was BRICK"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "06:12",
      "decision": "Completed multisig transaction from old Sigmanauts multisig to new multisig",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "context": "Moving Sigmanauts funds to new infrastructure",
      "topic": "governance",
      "significance": "minor",
      "quote": "we got our multisig transaction from the old multisig for the Sigmanauts to the new multisig for the Sigmanauts"
    }
  ],
  "commitments": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "34:29",
      "commitment": "New node release candidate this week",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "this week",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "there will be a new release candidate this week"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "34:52",
      "commitment": "Node release after testing around Saturday",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "around Saturday",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "after some testing, so it will be under testing for like a few days and then, yeah, we will be released maybe around Saturday"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "35:12",
      "commitment": "Sigma interpreter release next week",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "next week",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "Sigma interpreter release next week, probably"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "timestamp": "35:25",
      "commitment": "Start regular discussions on sub-blocks",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "maybe next week",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "starting from, I don't know, maybe next week even. So we can have regular discussions on sub-blocks"
    },
    {
      "id": 5,
      "timestamp": "33:27",
      "commitment": "Do new videos after New Year",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "after New Year",
      "topic": "marketing",
      "quote": "probably after New Year, we'll do new videos"
    },
    {
      "id": 6,
      "timestamp": "33:36",
      "commitment": "Visit consensus conference in Hong Kong",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "marketing",
      "quote": "I think we'll visit consensus conference in Hong Kong also"
    },
    {
      "id": 7,
      "timestamp": "22:50",
      "commitment": "Art event talk will be released after 21st",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "after 21st",
      "topic": "marketing",
      "quote": "I recorded the talk so it will be released after 21st"
    }
  ],
  "open_questions": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "36:16",
      "question": "When Ledger audit will be completed",
      "context": "Final conditions about audits need to be studied",
      "topic": "technical",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "33:50",
      "question": "Whether to do meetups in Thailand, Vietnam or other locations",
      "context": "Considering meetup possibilities in various Asian locations",
      "topic": "marketing",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    }
  ],
  "reversals_or_updates": [],
  "key_facts": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "01:10",
      "fact": "Cornell printing system has about 65,000 rows in database over 4-5 years",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "topic": "cornell-project"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "04:55",
      "fact": "Sold four Mac Pros on MewFinance for 65 ERGs each",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "topic": "mewfinance"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "34:03",
      "fact": "Node development finished rework and versioning in 6.0",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "timestamp": "35:02",
      "fact": "5.0 release is now approved",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 5,
      "timestamp": "36:57",
      "fact": "Oracle Pools are finally done",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 6,
      "timestamp": "37:32",
      "fact": "Kestrel has deterministic signature support done",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    }
  ]
}