{
  "call_date": "2024-10-11",
  "call_title": "Ergo PoW Blockchain - Weekly Update & AMA - October 10th 2024",
  "decisions": [],
  "commitments": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "02:13",
      "commitment": "Work on activation details for 6.0, making proposals for miners to work on",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "I will work on activation details for 6.0, making proposals for miners to work on"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "04:17",
      "commitment": "Write down things and make security proof for sub-blocks proposal",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "I also need to write down things. To make security proof also, so I'm checking security proof in protocols"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "24:42",
      "commitment": "Support new Ledger devices (Stax and Flex)",
      "owner": "new developer",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "the new developer is already working on supporting new devices"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "timestamp": "26:30",
      "commitment": "Update the white paper for Dexy and proceed to mainnet launch after audit",
      "owner": "kushti/team",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "dexy",
      "quote": "there is need to update the white paper a bit and then, yeah, we will do another round of communication for audit team, make the audit and then, yeah, we will proceed to mainnet launch"
    },
    {
      "id": 5,
      "timestamp": "49:05",
      "commitment": "Visit Dubai in late October for multiple conferences",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "late October",
      "topic": "marketing",
      "quote": "I'm going to visit Dubai in late October, so there will be Cardano Summit as well as some other events"
    }
  ],
  "open_questions": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "08:59",
      "question": "What to do after 6.0 and sub-blocks implementation",
      "context": "kushti wants community input on future development priorities",
      "topic": "technical",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "25:57",
      "question": "Finding Rust developers for Keystone integrations",
      "context": "There is a 3000 ERG bounty from ErgoDevsDAO for this work",
      "topic": "technical",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    }
  ],
  "reversals_or_updates": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "25:37",
      "previous": "Need to support Nano S for Ledger integration",
      "update": "No need to support Nano S anymore",
      "reason": "New device support requirements from Ledger team",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    }
  ],
  "key_facts": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "01:52",
      "fact": "Two reference client releases were done in two days: 5.0.23 today and 6.0.0.2 yesterday",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "07:22",
      "fact": "Sub-blocks are already being generated in DevNet locally and branch can be found on GitHub",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "18:42",
      "fact": "Rosen public testing had 38 watchers in private group using artificial test tokens",
      "speaker": "Armeanio",
      "topic": "rosen-bridge"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "timestamp": "24:42",
      "fact": "Ledger team requires support for new devices (Stax and Flex) before functional test and third party audits",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 5,
      "timestamp": "25:57",
      "fact": "3000 ERG bounty available from ErgoDevsDAO for Keystone integrations",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 6,
      "timestamp": "26:19",
      "fact": "Dexy audit was done recently and everything in the code is fixed",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "dexy"
    },
    {
      "id": 7,
      "timestamp": "30:06",
      "fact": "Soft fork voting requires 90 plus percent super majority",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "governance"
    }
  ]
}