{
  "call_date": "2024-10-18",
  "call_title": "Ergo PoW Blockchain - Weekly Update & AMA - October 17th 2024",
  "decisions": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "51:07",
      "decision": "Try Zoom call format instead of Spaces for once",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "context": "HQx proposed trying a more open discussion format",
      "topic": "community",
      "significance": "minor",
      "quote": "there is a proposal by HQx to make, to try at least for once to do instead of Spaces, something like Zoom call writes"
    }
  ],
  "commitments": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "01:30",
      "commitment": "Will describe 6.0 activation mechanics on the forum",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "So yeah, I will describe mechanics on the forum"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "02:23",
      "commitment": "Will do more checks on 6.0 features",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "unspecified",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "And then, yeah, so all the features are ready for 6.0, but yeah, I will do more checks"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "53:18",
      "commitment": "Will write another forum post about security",
      "owner": "kushti",
      "timeline": "someday",
      "topic": "technical",
      "quote": "Yeah, I mean, but for security, you know, so I'm willing to write another forum post someday"
    }
  ],
  "open_questions": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "03:58",
      "question": "Need to discuss 6.0 and the approach for soft compatibility",
      "context": "Still testing RocksDB version with few people",
      "topic": "technical",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "02:53",
      "question": "How sub-blocks feature would be called",
      "context": "Discussing 6.0 protocol update features",
      "topic": "technical",
      "raised_by": "kushti"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "59:08",
      "question": "Options for possible SigmaUSD bank update",
      "context": "Three possible options mentioned but needs more discussion",
      "topic": "sigmausd",
      "raised_by": "community member"
    }
  ],
  "reversals_or_updates": [],
  "key_facts": [
    {
      "id": 1,
      "timestamp": "00:56",
      "fact": "Already having in DevNet both 5.0 and 6.0 nodes coexisting with sub-blocks per blocks parameter being voted on by 6.0",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 2,
      "timestamp": "02:37",
      "fact": "6.0.0 alpha 2 version of the protocol client released with all the 6.0 soft fork features",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 3,
      "timestamp": "03:00",
      "fact": "6.0 is still using LevelDB database",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "technical"
    },
    {
      "id": 4,
      "timestamp": "20:57",
      "fact": "Almost 30 watchers for Rosen Bridge",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "topic": "rosen-bridge"
    },
    {
      "id": 5,
      "timestamp": "25:55",
      "fact": "Sigmanauts mining pool is up to 72, 73 gigahash",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "topic": "mining"
    },
    {
      "id": 6,
      "timestamp": "30:47",
      "fact": "DuckPools has 84,000 out of 300,000 raised for the DAO",
      "speaker": "qx()",
      "topic": "duckpools"
    },
    {
      "id": 7,
      "timestamp": "41:23",
      "fact": "Ledger, Trezor and Flex UIs are done for Raffles",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "wallet-integration"
    },
    {
      "id": 8,
      "timestamp": "44:39",
      "fact": "One NFT was sold for 2500 ERG on Auction House three years ago",
      "speaker": "kushti",
      "topic": "nft"
    }
  ]
}